1. Create the noughts and crosses grid.  Create as list and use join method to display as string. #Done
2. Create grid referencing system.  First box = ('A1').  Last box = ('C3')
3. Create user input = User by default is o's # optional have user select whether they want to be o's or x's.
3. a) If user enters incompatible grid reference ie not in the correct format or space already taken prompt them and ask them to go again #Done
4. Display the board showing where the user has placed the o. #Done
5. Next the computer takes it's turn. Use randint method or similar method/function to randomly select a place on the grid 
which is free. #Done
6. Display board. #Done
7. Create a dictionary for the terms of victory. If the conditions are met game is over. # Done. An if statement was used instead.
8. Create a while loop which is broken when the terms of victory are satisfied. #Done
9. ASk the player if they want to play again. # Will have to research this as not sure how to do it yet.

Create a more intelligent computer player. #Done
1. Can the computer win? - if the computer has two in a row place the x in the correct space to win.
2. Is the human player about to win? - if the player has two in a row place the x to block human victory.
3. Is the middle spot available?
4. Are any of the corners available?
5. Place the x in any other available space - use the randint while loop already created.

Create Difficulty system #Done
1. See notepad
Achieved using probability.  There are two decisions the computer can make,  They can either place a random cross anywhere (that isn't occupied) 
on the grid or follow the above route.  Three different difficulty modes; easy, medium and hard. Using randint(1,4).  For easy mode if the
number 1 is generated then the computer will play the "intelligent" move otherwise if 2, 3, 4 are selected the computer will place it's choice 
randomly.  Conversely if hard mode is selected then if 2, 3, 4 is selected the computer will play the "intelligent" move.
Using probability is maybe not the perfect solution but I can't think of another solution at the moment.

Create if statement for if the game is a draw # Done
1. for i in board if all(board != "") return "Draw"

Ask user if they would like to play as naughts or crosses # Done
1. Create a variable that takes as an input the user's choice.  Inside this create a while loop until the user selects either a "0" or an "x".
2. Create an if function that selects a the character for the player and the computer.  Initially the two variables should be empty strings
and then these change to refelect the user choices. e.g. 
if userselection var == "0":
    player += "0"
    computer += "x"
and then another if statement refelecting the opposite.
3. Update the other scripts to replace the characters "0" and "x" with the player and computer variables.

Ask the user if they want to go firsrt or second
1. Create a variable that takes as an input the user's choice.  The user will be required to type yes or no.
2. Two separate scripts will have to be written containing the corresponding while loops.  i.e. yes corresponds to the player going first, so 
the code that has already been written can be used.  The other while loop will be the same but reversed meaning the computer will go first.

